In the last lecture we split up our app into multiple components which is great that is why we use components.
But one issue is that we need to pass data between these components.
Now in the basics section we learn about property and event binding and there we used it to for example
by the disabled property of our age m l element.
So we kind of passed the data to that element.
We passed the information that it should be disabled that is set to true to this HVM l element the same
with UN binding when we click this AGM button.
Something happened.
This button emitted any event to which we were able to listen.
So it's sent as some data to same for the input.
Well we even used that data with Dollar Sign event if you remember this.
There we get data from the input element.
This is exactly the behavior we need now with our own components.
We need to be able to send data into a component or receive data receive an event and Angola of course
gives us great tools to implement this flow.
We can use property in event binding not only on HDMI elements and their native properties and events
as we did thus far.
We can also use it on directives and we also did this with N-G Glosson and restyled.
We use property binding but and that is important.
We can also use it on our own components and bind to our own custom properties and custom events.
We can embed our own events.
That is what I'll dive into in the next lecture starting with custom property binding